[Messenger] Use parameters in the configuration (#14716)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-1.12.md

# UPGRADE FROM `v1.12.X` TO `v1.12.4`

> 1. The default configuration of Symfony Messenger has changed, which is now configured separately for each transport:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The default configuration of Symfony Messenger has changed, it is now separated for each transport and can be set via environmental variables:
```
